# Python-API
"What is the weather like as we approach the equator?"



## Background


Taking what has been learned about Python requests, APIs and JSON traversals to answer the fundamental question of "What is the weather like as we approach the equator?"



### Part 1: WeatherPy


Create a Python script to visualize the weather of over 500 cities of varying distances from the equator. 

* **Requirement 1: Create plots to showcase the relationship between weather variables and latitude

    * A series of scatter plots were created to showcase the following:
        * Latitude vs. Temperature
        * Latitude vs. Humidity
        * Latitude vs. Cloudiness
        * Latitude vs. Wind Speed


* **Requirement 2: Compute linear regression for each relationship and separate into Northern Hemisphere and Southern Hemisphere
    * A series of scatter plots were created for both the Northern and Southern Hemispheres to showcase the following for each:
        * Latitude vs. Temperature
        * Latitude vs. Humidity
        * Latitude vs. Cloudiness
        * Latitude vs. Wind Speed
        
    * A description of relationships that were unconvered for each plot is provided. 



### Part 2: VacationPy


Use weather data skills to plan future vacations and create map visualizations. The following will be incorporated in the code:
    * Create a map that displays a point for every city in the DataFrame, where the size of the point should be the humidity in each city. 
    * Narrow the DataFrame to find the ideal weather condition.
    * Create a new DataFrame called hotel_df to store the city, country, coordinates and humidty.
    * For each city, use the Geoapify API to find the first hotel located within 10,000 meters of your coordinates. 
    * Add the hotel name and the country as additional information in the hover message for each city. 
    


## References
* Dataset provided by edX UofT Data Analytics, which had been generated by Trilogy Education Services, LLC. 


- - -
